DOCSP-26403: changes to aws credential retrieval (#691)
mongodb/docs-node: source/fundamentals/authentication/mechanisms.txt

      .. literalinclude:: /code-snippets/authentication/aws-env-variable.js
         :language: javascript

.. important:: Retrieval of AWS Credentials
   
   Starting in version 4.11, when you install the optional
   ``aws-sdk/credential-providers`` dependency, the driver uses the AWS SDK

>    to retrieve credentials from the environment. As a result, if you
>    have a shared AWS credentials file or config file, the driver will
>    use those credentials by default if there are no AWS authentication
>    environment variables set.
>    
>    To override this behavior, you can perform one of the following actions:

Reviewer: Suggestion

I think this sentence is a little long and covers a couple of ideas, so I would recommend breaking it into two different sentences and combining it with the next line. I also reworded the second sentence a bit to put the actionable part first.

```suggestion
   to retrieve credentials from the environment. As a result, if you
   have a shared AWS credentials file or config file, the driver will
   use those credentials by default. You can override this behavior
   by performing one of the following actions:
```

   
   - Set ``AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE`` in your shell or set the

>      equivalent environment variable value in your application.

Reviewer: Question

Set it to what? I am assuming it is the full path to the credential file, but think it would be helpful to specify this for the reader.

   - Create an AWS profile for your MongoDB credentials and set the
     ``AWS_PROFILE`` environment variable to that profile name.

> 

Reviewer: Question

What if you do both of these options? Which one has precedence? Might be beyond the scope or not something you can answer, but was a thought that came to mind.

Author: Yes, it might be out of scope. I'm not sure what the order is
